updating the search scalability (#1683)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: install/perform_scale.adoc

| 1 medium
| 5000
| 9500
| 50 Mi

| 5 medium
| 25,000
| 75,000
| 120 Mi

| 15 medium
| 75,000
| 20,0000
| 492 Mi

| 30 medium
| 150,000
| 450,000
| 1 Gi

| 50 medium
| 250,000
| 750,000
| 2 Gi
|===

> By default, the data store is deployed with a memory limit of 4 Gi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the redisgraph pod (search-redisgraph-0) is deployed with a memory limit of 4 Gi.
```

If you are managing larger clusters, you might need to increase this limit by editing the `redisgraph_resource.limit_memory` for the `searchoperator` in the hub cluster namespace. For example, you can update the limit to 8Gi with the following command:

----
oc patch searchoperator searchoperator --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"redisgraph_resource":{"limit_memory":"8Gi"}}}'
----

When the change is made, delete the `search-redisgraph` StatefulSet for the new limit to take effect.

[#write-throughput-cache-recovery-time]

> === Write throughput (cache recovery time)

Reviewer: We can add this line before the Write throughput table. 
`When the datastore is cleared, we measured recovery times with different number of managed clusters.`

Reviewer: Updates based on discussion with @xrajesh

Author: @SherinV are you ok with the following update:

When the datastore is cleared, recovery times are measured for a different number of managed clusters.

Reviewer: What we want the user to know is

> When the datastore is cleared, we measured recovery times with different number of managed clusters and the results are captured in the table below. 

You can change it as needed.

| 878 MB
|===

By default, the data store is deployed with a memory limit of 4 GB.

> If you are managing larger clusters, you might need to increase this limit by editing the `limit_memory` of the `redisgraph_resource` in the `searchoperator` hub cluster namespace. When the change is made, delete the `search-redisgraph` StatefulSet for the new limit to take effect.

Reviewer: > by editing the limit_memory of redisgraph_resource under searchoperator in the hub cluster namespace.

The edit should be made to searchoperator. An example command to increase memory to 8Gi is shown below:

> oc patch searchoperator searchoperator --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"redisgraph_resource":{"limit_memory":"8Gi"}}}'

@xrajesh : Please review the command.

Reviewer: We have to update the [table](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs/blob/d00c6de3cc5f88c375616d8b673fc11fa7d2efcb/install/perform_scale.adoc#physical-memory) too

Reviewer 2: Verified the command for patch @SherinV

Author: Thanks for the live review @SherinV! @xrajesh may you re-review the PR
